 Also, I would like to work out a coded Org, with 3 different ranks of endurance boosts (Whatever is fair) lowest for member, medium endurance boost for co-leader rank and the highest boost for leader rank. I would like it to have a capacity of about 10-12 members however, I want a custom jutsu for the org that has about 5-6 spots. Meaning not everyone in the org would have the custom jutsu, for balance reasons. I would hold inner org tourneys regularly and participate in them to see who gets the jutsu spots. I would also like a mask, (I can look for someone to icon and provide it) that gives the identity "Corpse" I know what I would like the custom jutsu to be and could give you details if this is something you are are willing to do. Kana has started the basic org template and has the Org name tab text and chat all set up. I am very serious about this and am willing to pay what it is worth. Starting offer would be 300$ broken down into 100$( the key coded jutsu mastery verb for myself and the 50 coded sp divided between mine and another key) And 200$ for the Coded org (10-12 members, 5-6 Jutsu{The new Custom} spots, Mask that gives "Corpse" identity, 3 tiers of Endurance boosts for rank).
Because of the delay between the purchase of Bone Sage and it's arrival, I would be most comfortable doint this in 3 seperate payments of 100$, that I would upload to paypal every second week on friday (When I get paid) and thusly send it to you. This is also just to not be out a large sum (300$) all at once, which would make my life somewhat difficult. Once again, everything is negotiable. I am eager to hear from you and see if anything can be arranged. I do not enjoy dealing with Sas and have found that dealing with you is much easier and a great deal more professional, for that reason please get back to me when you have time. Thanks. PS (This is just a random offer, I do not know the value of any of these things I want and so if my offer needs to be adjusted either way just let me know. Lastly, I want everything to be fair as in not ridiculous endurance boosts etc. {Nothing game breaking}.)